[stable/oauth2-proxy] - update to support k8s v1.16 (#18238)
helm/charts: stable/oauth2-proxy/README.md

This version upgrade oauth2-proxy to v4.0.0. Please see the [changelog](https://github.com/pusher/oauth2_proxy/blob/v4.0.0/CHANGELOG.md#v400) in order to upgrade.

### To 2.0.0

> Version 2.0.0 of this chart introduces support for Kubernetes v1.16.x by way of addressing the deprecation of the Deployment object apiVersion `extensions/v1beta1`.  See [the v1.16 API deprecations page](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2.0.0 of this chart introduces support for Kubernetes v1.16.x by way of addressing the deprecation of the Deployment object apiVersion `apps/v1beta2`.  See [the v1.16 API deprecations page](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/) for more information.
```
